Scripting Tutorial By: DarkOne

STEP #1: 'The Bascics'
there are 2 main types everyone should know before scripting, these types are:
1. LONG
2. STRING

A "LONG" is another word for number, so basicly the computer see's a long as a number.
A "STRING" is another word for text, so the computer see's a string as text, like "Hello my name is DarkOne."

So we have the 2 types down now we can begin Labeling them Or "Variable Declaration."
You basicly declare variables like this:
Ex: the variable we will use will be 'A'. so to declare 'A' to be a 'LONG' we type:

       A As LONG

    this basicly means

       A = A Number

by defualt every long to start out with equals 0, so later on you will have to change it to be w/e number 
you need, or want it to be by simply puting for example:

       A = 4

so now variable A will be equal to 4 until it is changed.
Now onto declaring a variable as a 'STRING', it basicly looks the same:
      A As STRING
   this basicly means

      A = a text

by defualt A will then be equal to "", or basicly nothing, just blank text, wth no space or anything, you can
change a string by simple putting for example:

      A = "Hello im DarkOne, im trying to teach you to script because you can't."

simple, you just put some text in parenthasies, and have the variable equal whatever the text is:

     Variable = Text

now that we know what the 2 main types are we can move on to step 2. 

STEP #2: 'Basic SUB's And FUNCTION's'
Ok, there is also 2 other things you must know before scripting. These are:
1. SUB
2. FUNCTION

A 'SUB' is basicly something that does an action or changes something, but does not return data.
A 'FUNCTION' is basicly something that does an action to find what it equals, and does return data.

ok first lets do a sub, its basicly like this, in odyssey scripting you just put"

SUB Main( )
END SUB

ok thats the basis of a sub but to add parameters in it that it will use to run, you put something like for example:

SUB Main(Player As LONG)
END SUB

that means that that sub will have a pre-declared long in it that is or can be used in the sub. You can also add
more of these variable into the sub to like:

SUB Main(Player As LONG, A As STRING)
END SUB

in odyssey you can have up to 5 paameters in any sub or function, but 4 is the limit when it comes to script running,
since runscript sends to the script a maximun of 4 parameters.

 you may be confused but just bare with me, the more you read the more clear it will become.
